[Music]
To add Frame IO as an integration, go to
settings, then integrations, and click
add new. From the list of options,
select Frame IO. You'll now be asked to
give the integration a name. Choose
whether it should be a shared source or
kept private for your use only. And
finally, log in to Frame.io. A new page
will open where you enter your login
details and grant cutting room
permission to connect to Frame.io.
After clicking allow, you'll be
redirected back to Cutting Room. There,
choose the account you want to connect
to and then click save. Your Frame IO
integration is now connected. When you
go back to the editor, Frameio will
appear in the source panel on the left
side.
Each user must log in with their own
credentials to access the content they
have permission to view.
Once logged in, all the available
content from Frame.io will show up here,
ready to be used in your project.
Once you're satisfied with your edited
video, click render and select Frame IO
as the export destination. You'll then
be able to choose which team the video
should be linked to. Select the right
project and decide exactly where in that
project the video should be placed by
choosing a specific folder. Next, you
can customize the export by giving your
video a name, setting its status,
writing a short description, and
selecting the appropriate rendition.
When everything looks good, click export
to frame IO. After a short processing
time, your video will appear in
Frame.io, ready to be used, reviewed, or
shared with others.
[Music]